Updated the text and fixed some markdown formatting problems. (#629)
spatialos/UnrealGDK: SpatialGDK/Documentation/content/ability-system.md

# Gameplay Ability System on the GDK for Unreal

The [Gameplay Ability System](https://docs.unrealengine.com/en-us/Gameplay/GameplayAbilitySystem) is a flexible framework for building abilities and attributes of the type you might find in an RPG, MMO, or MOBA. However, as it makes use of lots of the advanced parts of the Unreal networking stack, the GDK for Unreal doesn't *currently* support it in it's entirety. 

This page lists the workarounds that you need to use with the Gameplay Ability System in the alpha release of the GDK. We are working to remove some of these limitations in the future.

> ## Current Gameplay Ability System workarounds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Gameplay Ability System workarounds
```

Not sure we need current - I realise it's because of current issues which will change but I think we can make that clear in the text??

> 1. We currently do not support replicated gameplay abilities. You must ensure that any `UGameplayAbility` has its `ReplicationPolicy` set to `ReplicateNo`. Replicated gameplay abilities will be available once we support dynamic Actor components in the GDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The GDK dies not currently support replicated gameplay abilities. To work around this, you must ensure that any `UGameplayAbility` has its `ReplicationPolicy` set to `ReplicateNo`. Replicated gameplay abilities will be available once we support dynamic Actor components in the GDK.
```

> 2. You must add any `UAttributeSet` objects to the `Actor` that owns the `AbilitySystemComponent`, and you must add them to the `Actor` as `DefaultSubObjects`. For example -

Reviewer: Any reason "Actor" here is monospaced? We wouldn't usually do this: Monospace is for any names we use which are in code or file names, file paths and file extensions.

Author: None that I can see. I just followed the pattern from the original text. Removed monospace.
